
[0133b27] Husbands and Buddhas are practical and logical. The original language phase. Ran BuddhismIn the middle is the thing. It is neither promising nor speechless. Cave Mountain FiveLinji Sanxuan. There is always kindness. The sound stops crying yellow leaves. If justThe real interpreter in the language. Seeking horses in Tang Si and rabbits in dead plants.Can Wu Wen Zhi Wu Wen Seal Volume 5 Tian Di Xue Wu Shao Zen Master TowerMing Xu Zhongyun. Jiading Jianjing Zen Master. Advocate the way of the foot temple in the skychild. Fear of Dongzong metaphysics may win for language. Pain with bad fists. potteryMetallurgical scholar. Talk freely. Lay out branches and leaves. No fancy taste. Such asPines stand gully storm disk space. The authenticity of Caodong is a change. SoThe metaphysics of fear of Dongzong may be the victory of language. Wait for the net public opinion.Scratching its itchy place. Yongping's Dharma is hidden in his eyes. There are words. Have oneLike wild cats. The ancestor of Yandong Mountain has five positives. Just need to knowThe great ancestor of Dongshan had the Dharma Eyes. Yes, it will net public opinion. Be afraid ofLanguage wins. But the so-called Caodong is authentic. Change for oneYou. Those who seem to change only have language traces. And as authentic. Pluto Cave MountainOriginal purpose. There is nothing more than a net public. For example, those who can learn from Liu Xiahui don’tLearn from it. Jing Gong has two volumes of Quotations from Liuhui. So-called JiankangThe house is cool. Ruiyan, Taizhou. Lin'an Mansion Jingci. Ruiyan, Mingzhou. againLive Jingci. The Sixth Meeting of Tiantong in Ningbo Mansion. And the waiter Wen SumiaoZong Weijing, such as Yuzhihu Zuri, etc. Tong Bai Li LuXiao Zuo Xu. Lingyin Plateau Spring Tianyi Xiaoyanwei wrote a postscript together. netPublic elementary school teacher Guangzong. Yi Chou Xia in the second year of Emperor Shao Ding. Raisedengraved. And the first volume of Yongping Guanglu. There are quotations from the monk TiantongGo to the cloud. Xie is Tiantong playing [jump-mega+孛] jump. Dancing to the East China Sea Arowana.This is also recorded in the second volume. Gengshen Autumn in the eighth year of Yanbao. (I) in the eastPrince Wu. Thirty-five years from now. And occasionallySee the secret in the Deyun Chamber of Danzhou. Fanqing monk Zhenbi RuiyanYuan Gong compiled a volume of quotations from Zen Master Tiantong Rujing. But heavenTwenty articles of Tong Shangtang's French are only available. At the end of its volume. GaozuYuan monk. The Six People's Fate of the Jing Gong Law Heirs have been passed oncloud. Niji is two years old in Japan. Cixin Chou in mid-February. RuiyanYuan Gongyao sent this record to me. Gai Renzhi two years. GuangzongbuThirteen years later. And the Tiantong recorder in the six sessions. AncestorEdited by the day waiter. Twenty Ruiyan Searches left in its compilationEdited. Those who send yuan to the monk are clearly distinguished. Master of Deyun TempleThe mountain master. The main mirror master of Nanyang Temple. Sheyi Zi map disaster wood. veryIt's kindness can be honored. (Yu) is a test of its end. Make it attachedengraved. And in three volumes. There is a postscript in front of it. Xiruiyan Yuangong. ExtractYong Ping Guang recorded in one volume. For the postscript. Eleven in a hundred thousand.This is also the eleventh of Tiantong. It must be widely recorded. Just wishHou Xian diligently collected it. Now the second division is attached to this volume. After the factA good number is also collected. There is no shortage of good things. Tianbi tin type. ZezhenIt's so eye-catching to be attached.

[0134a12] Shi

[0134a13] Zhengde Five Years Long She Yi Wei Chun February Ji Dan

[0134a14] Yongping Yuan Sun Swastika White Heir Patriarch Bhikkhu Chief Prayer Book

Continued Quotations from Rujing Zen Master at Tiantong Mountain Desi Temple

Edited by Shizuiwa Shifa Junior Master Yoshitou

[0134a20] He first arrived in Mingzhou. Go to the hall to show all the clouds. Accept or not. Korayaocloud. Hanxi Luoyue. Live and liveless. The empty boat rides the waves. Overnight in Ashiflower. Are there any winners here? Reasonableness. Everything is harmonious.(Clouds for a long time) The heights are high and flat. Low and low. Currently weeds. Thousands of speciesLike. Don't be authorized by him to take a seat (with a stroke of Zhuo stick) .

[0134a25] Jiang Shanyi monk Bai Tsuiyun . Dharma banquet dragon like the crowd. Be the first to watchRighteousness. White hammer cloud again. Diguan Dharma Dharma Dharma Dharma. So easyThe matter is over.

[0134a28] Go to the hall cloud. Spiritually and from time to time. The moon can't go with the water. distinctlyAnd everywhere. Don't mix with rain and go cloud by line. After all, what a life. saintNothing but nothing. (Clouds for a long time) Zhou is all over the heart. Not at everythingPlace. Will it be? Nanyue Lingtou cloud slices. It's raining on Tiantai PeakLi.

[0134b04] Go to the hall cloud. The mountains are covered with golden clouds and rotten into spring. Water contains blue moonIndifferent to Qiurong. Why don't you let me? Said it seemed to have been missed. Yellow head andBlue eyes. The news is difficult to get through. (Zhuo sticks to the cloud) Xitian uses Sanskrit.This land makes Tang Yan.

[0134b08] Go to the hall cloud. Is it right? Jiang Guangpu practiced. No, no, no. HuayueStack of brocades. After all, what's the matter of synthesis. The Three Realms cannot. Where to askThe heart will sit down (Yiyun) .

[0134b11] Shangtangyun . I am the King. Be at ease in law. Ji Han broke the night. Frost MoonLine is empty. Stable all beings. So it is now in the world. Dew on the sleeves. Autumn bitternessheart. After all how. Go to practice. (For a long time the cloud) He has set eyes and dreamswake. Once wind and moon make Qingming. (Yuan again) Put.

[0134b15] Go to the hall cloud. The Blessed One has a secret language. The moon night in the cold pool is full. Kassapa does not coverTibetan. Withered wood cloud cage show. If people live in death. Live to death. ToKnowing Youxie is news. (Expanding two-handed clouds) The flower forest is full of spring breath.A little spirit illuminates the world.

[0134b19] Go to the hall cloud. Really, everything is clear. Mountains and cloudsThe water is surging. Traces of the stream of the cold stream. The sound of Lengzhang's pine. EverywhereGuanyin enters the door of reason. Every family's heart in front of the ancient Buddhist hall. If one desiresKnow the dispute. Can you still tell? (Drinking the cloud) The mountains and rivers are not separated. EverywhereIs bright. Let's go. Where is the light. Alulu continued. What is itChapter sentence.

[0134b25] Go to the hall cloud. Taibai Peak is high. The shadows sink in the waves of the four seas. Tang QianyunChung. Swallowing the bright moon of the nine days. Distinguish the stick and whisk. And cooking stove hammer.Writer here. How does Na Zi speak. (Cloud for a long time) Will it still happen? putThe lines are also rubble. And Wei Wei Huang Huang. It’s a real loss to hold oncolor. And secretly. After all how. If not running water. Should alsoCross the mountain.

[0134c02] Go to the hall. Yuezenghanying at the bottom of the reed. Overnight at Jiangcun Fisherman's Song.It can be said to be a must-have. Taoist does not know Qingmeng Lao. Have something to doDo you sit and wear your clothes? Also know how many people can there be. (Cloud for a long time) . fromThere should be feet in this sunny spring. The spirit of Hundred Flowers and Wealthy Grass.

[0134c06] Go to the hall. Columns sit Zhaojian from the past to the present. (Putting up Fu Ziyun) See youWhat. Deyun Picchu never goes down the mountain. Shancai Boy Yu BiefengMeet each other. It's not going down the mountain anymore. Why don't meet in the mountains. (Long cloud) windNeighboring cold water waves. Moon immersed in the cloud in the mirror.

[0134c10] Go to the hall. The Taurus made rotten silver hoofs. Ploughing and looting empty fields to open up.The old road without mud marks. The shepherd boy Nine flute came into the cloud. In one goSheng Wande is transformed. Spiritual and moving. Secretly and turned around. DeyunNot going down the mountain. Who meets Bieshan. The Chief Executive Yizhi. Good fortunemountain. After all, how to establish fate (for a long time) . The mountain is falling into the wind. Lou JingyueInvade the door.

[0134c16] Go to the hall cloud. Good people do not move their feet. Good entrants do not move double doors.Qingqiuye Lengbo Xinyue. It is rare for anyone to ask An Chan friends. In and out fromI've never noticed it. So monk Teng Teng. Yuange said. TodayYun Teng Teng. Tomorrow will take off. After all, in front of the ancient Buddhist hall. NothingDon't learn from others. You must take it from the body.

[0134c21] Shangtangyun . It is not easy to settle the flow of Jiuding. Baihua new wood chicken in front of the tree.Mirror wheel for reporting the moon. Will it be? (Hang the whisk on the corner of the Zen bed and cloud) . useHe Zhushi squeezed the stick. He is a state-owned virtuous minister. The people are peaceful. Full houseYunzhong. How to discuss going to the ready-made public case. Difficult.

[0134c25] Go to the hall. Qingluo leans against Qiao Song's momentum. The red tail competes in the waves of Yumen.Is there anyone who is ahead? (Lifting the whisk) The sword vibrates to try the frost blade. whatUse dust to mess with the box. (Drinking the cloud) Super Fang Zhewei. (Yun Yun) My King LibraryThere is nothing like a knife. (Cloud for a long time) Close.

[0134c29] Shangtangyun . Don't be suspicious if you think about it. The Bibo River was quiet. GuanshiyinjingSaint. Cuizhu is really like a body. To die in distress. Zeng Jinwen icing. canTo make Yixian. The mountains are still fragrant in spring. After all how. World unintentionalSpotless. Mountains and rivers are not unlucky. (Throwing down the Fu Ziyun) and whispered.

[0135a04] Go to the hall. One flower blooms five families. One leaf decorated with nine chambers machine.The only thing that is going to be. Why use Qionglin to find jade branches. After allHe (long cloud) . The voice of Xugu responded wonderfully. Dust and dust brakes damozong.(Yun again) Close.

[0135a08] Go to the hall cloud. One machine woven brocade clothes. It is a gentleman's bed.Only Baoshan piled here. Attach the jade needle to the top of Zhen. After allwhat. (Cloud for a long time) The Three Thousand Realms of the Buddha Kingdom must be known. Only in my emperorin.

[0135a12] Go to the hall cloud. A field of grass. Who used to hoe gold?plow. Fang Zhangyu means. No nose needle points are thin. Headless threadlong. So Tao. The grass show in front of the ancient mirror stage. Never met with otherssee. After all how. Will robbery outside the mouth. Just discern that person's heart.

[0135a16] Go to the hall cloud. The season depends on the Buddha's nature and righteousness. A total of Lingzhao ferry boat.Yulin brought the moon away from Yunhan. Jinfeng headed down to the Cailou. If soIt is through one's own heart. It also fits the Vientiane body. So Master Dongshan said.See you at the end. After all how. Neither inside.Outside and unbelievable. Will it be? (Hang the whisk on the Zen bed corner cloud) What is it?

[0135a21] Go to the hall cloud. Lingjiu Mountain has no teacher sentence. Shao Shi Peak does not pass on the magic.Go straight down. It's unrepayable. After all, what a life. Gao TianThe smoke on the day is still cold. The moonlight rain is sunny. Will it be? (Long time cloud)The plum blossoms are still blooming red.

[0135a25] Go to the hall. The mountains of Dili are heavy. Jun En Yu is deeply dew. Dan Xiao stepped around.The breeze of the dawn. Wild chrysanthemum holds gold. Shanquan Shuyu. Is and Mo ShizuoWhat health. It is a thought for thousands of years. Agree. Vientiane build. after allNobody is a real person. Where. (Li Fu Ziyun) Deep in the night, the fish is cold in the waterThe full moon is full of ships and the moon is floating.

[0135b01] Go to the hall cloud. Relying on the sky long sword. The pearl is in the palm. Too Xu has a month. Old rabbitCreamy. There is no wind in the sea. Chinese whale snorting. Sometimes ten thousand years. Panasonic hitAdmiralty. Sometimes the jade seal is held under the samādhi sect. After all, what a life. AppointSi go. (Clouds for a long time) Seeing the other is as long as today.

[0135b05] Going to the hall. The fields are steady and mysterious. Know here. Sound pathBreak without company. Alone also sends a step. Make a water cow. This eye canfuture. If not in the future. What's the place to live. Everyone is alive or dead.Words never come and go. (拈拄Zhang cloud) rooftop tuck [wood*chestnut] black sparklingcracked.

[0135b10] Go to the hall. Lift. Yangshan asked Weishan. How is the patriarch came from the west.Mountain cloud. Great lantern. Yang Yun. There is nothing for it. Mountain cloud. suitableWhat to say. Yang Yun. Great lantern. Mountain cloud. Sure enough not.Shi Yun. Keep people away from no light and dark rooms. In the evening, the mountains and the country are in red. PlaceThe smoke and dust cannot be collected. Come in early and go late in the evening. After allhow is it. We learned to go. (Drinking the cloud) Nanshan rises to the sea. Beiyue picks up the cloudhigh. Ginseng.

[0135b17] Go to court. The monk asked Cao Shan. How is the handicraft style. Mountain cloud. oddOh, this old smile is full of cheeks. Monk cloud. What are the taboos. Mountain cloud. Dynasty monkTang Mu returned to the abbot. Shi Yun. Cloud-shaped water means to embrace the whole body. MoralityLonely way and just married. Young and romantic. Flower Shed Shop Jindie Feifrequency. Let's go. Where is the cloth bag now? Seeing it by Cao Shan LaoziThere are points. What about the mountain monk. (With a finger in front of the cloud) Look at BaicaotouGo free. The monk is an exposed lantern. Argument reference.

[0135b24] Go to court. Good Yun. Tao is also inseparable for a while. DeviateDon't think about it. Shi Yun. Let's go. How is Dao Xin Tian Fa. Earth has spiritseedling. Do not move the golden hoe. Gengbuxiu what is long Songxiu Takeshita windshiAfter all, how is the rain guest chasing the Zen virtues in the spring and autumn? Finding is Knowingvisible. Let's go. How is it. ( Li Fu Ziyun) Use it here, use it insteadCare. Ginseng.

[0135c01] Go to court. The monk asked Cao Shan. How is the real human body. Mountain cloud. 儞It is a human body with a virtual head. Monk cloud. What kind of work does the family business solve? Mountain cloud. noMemories of non-communicating. Monk worship. Mountain cloud. If it is true. thisDay also might as well. Shi Yun. Clean and wonderful time to solve the trick. DewFamily style. Zhuo Ran said to get out of the body. Kuoluo Yuantong is Xiezong.All Zen virtues are full of thoughts. No sores on the body. The real human body is also. IfIsn't it just a false head Chinese ginseng.

[0135c08] Go to court. The monk asked Cao Shan. How to be square. Mountain cloud.Into Maha Samadhi the opposite sex is Zhan Ran. Monk cloud. Remaining wisdomNo? Mountain cloud. Yes Yes. Monk worship. Mountain cloud. Fengxue chicks are good.Longmen is new again. Shi Yun. How to be squared. SamaSave your wisdom. If something goes wrong. Know the unknown Yibi Yuangas. After all, the brothers make a living. According to the East and the Eight Thousand Earth. dayThe golden ginseng in the world.

[0135c15] Go to court. The monk asked Cao Shan. How is pure no learning. Mountain cloud. cloudSpit wave mid-moon. The sky is raining outside the mountains. Monk cloud. How did you go.Mountain cloud. Natural spirit. The magic stroke is not done. Monk worship. mountaincloud. He is not subject to courtesy. Shi Yun. To the pure no-learning place. Language wayHow to give birth. Natural spirit. The magic stroke is not done. All of youTao. How to be pure without learning. ( Long Clouds) Sophora in summer, long wheat in autumnWind-cooled ginseng.

[0135c22] Go to court. Cao Shan due to Huixia ginseng. Asked how is the Buddha's robe. mountaincloud. You put it at the beginning. Xia Yun. Learn how to wear it. mountaincloud. Non-public realm. Xia Yun. There is also no monk realm. Mountain cloud. oldThe monk is not allowed to wear it. Xia Yun. And it's not convenient. Mountain cloud.From Wuxiangtian Phi to the beginning. Xia Yun. From the time of no Xiangtianhow is it. Mountain cloud. Give birth to another sentence. Xia intends to speak. Yamanohit. After Xia’s retreat. Make the waiter call Huixia. Xana is here. mountainDraw rice characters with it. Xia received the cloud. Great, great. WuxiangfuTian Yi. Mountain cloud. If so. Shi Yun. A grain that was born without phasefield. Prosperity of different seedlings is the first to try the machine. Solemnly rob the Buddha with his power. Double treeThe shade is natural. The great virtues are Xie Cao Shan. Laozi MijiaoRear. Master Cao Shan Huixia. Has gotten to be. Who is here nowI have to wear it. (He raises Fu Ziyun) This is another Buddha's robes. That xie is riceRobes. Everyone is eating. Buddha Buddha is teaching. Na Seng Phi BottomAll kinds of living eyes. After all, it is not a rice cassock.

The net Tiantong Mountain Zen continued quotations (final)

Guanyin Guide Lixing Shengbaolin Temple

The Story of Shamen Taoyuan

[0136a11] I started my teacher at Furong Mountain. Go to the Zen Master of Xuedou Mountain, Mingzhou. JianAsked the cloud. Where does it come from. Shi Yun. Hibiscus is here. Jian Yun. Come forwhat's up. Shi Yun. I heard the monk. Three thousand miles a night. YesNothing. Jian Yun is. Shi Yun. How is the Blessed One has a secret word. Kananohit. Shi Yun. How is Kassapa not hiding. Jian hit again. DivisionNine. Jian hit again. The teacher came to realize this. Burn incense for worship. Jian Yun. burnHow is the incense? Shi Yun. Give the teacher three meals. And sweat all over the body. KananoHugh. Shi Yun. Duh duh. But go out. Wait for ten since thenFive years. Sometimes the appraiser is taught on the mysterious cloud on the teacher cave. Rushan protects.The teacher accepts it. Secret Haoshan Habitat. Do not hope to be born. After receiving an edict from the emperor.Resigned twice. To the third degree. De Zen, the abbot of Tendo Mountain ViewTemple. There is no fear in the question and answer. Rejuvenate Yangguangshantou Zongfeng.Six law heirs were born. That is, the six places of Shenghua. Cheng Tian Gu Toad RuYing. Ruiyan has no meaning. Huayan Tian Weng is the public. From the 庵师kai.Yuelin idiot Shiying. And Japan I. And Liu Qi is also taughtThe imprint was born. Today Ben Renji is two years old. Cixin Chou FebruaryMid-term. Ruiyan Yuangong sent this record to me. Dedication FivePut yourself on the ground. I remember the Q&A opportunity at the re-set. Reward at the end of the bookFavor of the milk is also.

[0136b01] The teacher asks for help. Second Cheng Tianying asked the cloud. The Buddha is the phantom incarnation.The ancestor is the old monk. The monk also avoided it. The teacher is playing. Ying worship.Shi Yun. It is the transfiguration.

[0136b04] The teacher is invited by Pu. Ci Ruiyan Yuan Gong asked. How the cloud is endlessTibetan. Shi Yun. Those on the way ascend to the sky. Those who lost their way went to the bottom of the water. farcloud. Those who are in their early years have another life. Shi Yun. Not in the realm of 儞. Far cloud.Learn how to learn. Teacher for a long time. Far cloud. Non-monk realm. divisioncloud. If so. Far worship.

[0136b09] The teacher posed a question because of Hua Yan. How is Dongmen Zongfeng. divisioncloud. Xumi Li is too empty. The sun and the moon turn around. Qingyun. Generally differentCare. Shi Yun. The peaks gradually leaned on him. Baiyun is changing. Heng Nai Liworship. Shi Yun. The golden phoenix stays in the dragon's nest. How can Chen Moss run over?

[0136b13] The teacher asked a question from An Kai Gong. World Zun Yun. When i don't seeNowhere to see me. What is the intention. Shi Yun. Old monk Ruo Da RuBereavement. Kaiyun. Fortunately, we are back to the bottom of each other's season. Shi Yun. How isThe scholars are divided into matters. Kai Nai worship. Shi Yun. Yes to each other, not to each otherCare. Kaiyun. Do not see the way and it. Be polite or impolite and kind. Shi Yun.If so.

[0136b19] Teacher Yue Linying asked questions. How does Xinfeng Xuequ make peace?Shi Yun. The non-hole flute hit the plate. There is no soundtrack. Yingcloud. What tune is it. Shi Yun. Let him snow song. Shi De Ying Liworship.

[0136b23] The teacher entered the room because of the reason. Second I asked the cloud. What happens when there is no cloud in the blue sky.Shi Yun. It's still half mention. Yuyun. Mention the season for life. divisioncloud. After the blue sky is done. Step by step. Yuyun. Autumn Jiushan is thinMoon falls in the sky. Shi Yun. Still with condensed. To worship. Shi Yun. AndGo also.

[0136b28] The teacher came to church because of the year. I asked the cloud. How to be the jewel of the heart.Shi Yun. What's wrong with you? Yu Nai worship. Shi Yun. Look forward toOf admiration. I close the seat and stand. Shi Yun. Diguan Dharma King Dharma. lawWang Fa is like this. I belong to the public.

[0136c03] The teacher is admitted to the classroom . Punish Nazi sitting on the sleeping cloud. The body and mind of the meditation practitionerLeave it to sleep. Upon hearing this, I realized it suddenly. On the trailThe abbot burned incense to worship. Shi Yun. Worship matters. bodyThe heart falls off. Shi Yun. The body and mind fall off the body and mind. Yuyun. ThisXie is a temporary trick. Monk Mo chaos prints. Shi Yun. I don't mess up儞. Yuyun. How to not mess with the bottom line. Shi Yun. Shedding off.Yu Naixiu.

[0136c10] The teacher asked because of the monk. How is the patriarch came from the west. Shi Yun. Goode askedAnswer it. Proposed by Buddhist monks. Shi Yun. what. Monk cloud. From the West.The teacher is playing. The monk realized here.

[0136c13] Shi Yin Shiyun. The old monk sees today's teacher monk. All have no nostrils. andBoast fame and quarrel. Never rested. Advise all brothers. ConsistentOne by one Xuanxuan. If not so. Surely the fate of life and death. Let's go.What a life. A sentence from life and death. Cloud for a long time. One appraisalThe bones are satisfactory. It is difficult for the three generations to understand the truth.

[0136c18] Teacher taboo like a net. Mingzhou is also from Weijiang. The common surname is Yu. Zi YezhenThe handle is at the foot of Taibai Peak. Explicitly whispers in the fragrance of flowing water. EgretXueming Moon Court. The green hills towered straight beyond the reed flowers. So Cao Dongzong asked.Let's talk about Dayang Benzong again. The blue harrier flies for nine days. The old crane roosts the parasol tree. TimeEveryone looks at Xuanfeng. Sing according to the question and answer. Prosper the style of generation.The vestments of the ancestors of the Furong ancestors. And the secret is in the house. Close upZizhuzhangzi. And rely on the room. The rest of the family motto. AllAppreciate. Those who saw this episode witnessed countless victories.

[0136c26] It was the spring of Japan's Renzhi Xin Chou. Book Taochang Shizhai Guanyin GuideLixing Shengbaolin Temple.

[0136c28] Tiantong Rujing Zen Master's Continued Quotes and Postscript (End)

[0137a01] Tiantongjing Monk. The style is ancient. Unparalleled in the world. Extraordinary and more holy.Ten directions sit down. Or when the white waves on the top of the lonely peak are overwhelming. Or time dryGo Congli supernatural power game. Yizai Yongping emperor. Enter the Song Dynasty.Seng Juejing said. A generation of master craftsmen who is the mentor of human beings. Chang WengThe net public is also the person. A history of monks compiled since the Yuan Dynasty. Set the lawHeir is unknown. Now this is a continuation. Edited by the monk Wuwaiyiyuan. ForeverPing Gaozu made a postscript. A brief biography of what it has written. Like seeing in the rainDay also. Five hundred years later. This record is in the world. The so-called GaozuThose who stay in the sky and light the night are also. But who is the person who knows the priceWhat a shame. what.

[0137a11] Zhengde Yi Wei Sui Zhong Chun Gu Dan

[0137a12] Luobei Yingfeng Baoshu Xinwen (Haiyin) Burning Incense and Nine Worships
